And threats are usually made by people in the ring,
and it's so nerdy.
That's the time when it's got to be made.
Certainly one of the times.
Surely one of the times I'm going to easily win this.
That's when it's where the violence is made.
Sure.
As I did, it's just...
And for all you know, in that bit of anger,
you stay here now in the EU.
That is why you know you neither admit there are many nights.
That you say this is war with the army.
It's got like a little further than that.
I remember the substance of some of the things I said.
I do not remember using those words and saying that.
I have heard, or heard read into the record here,
versions of what I did say by three army witnesses,
each one of them, whom had a different version of what I said.
I have thought, was Mr. Rainbow and Mr. Jones.
They say I did not say those words.
And all I can do is tell you I was angry,
give you the substance of some of the things
which I did say and tell you what happened on that occasion.
I cannot tell you there the exact words which I use.
And I don't believe anybody else can tell you the exact words which I use.
Are you heard from the police?
I don't know, I said,
and I read further from the testimony of the scone,
saying they did the transcripts,
putting the scone.
I don't understand why you let communist work in here
and you won't let me in, did you say that?
That sounds a lot more like me.
Sounds a lot like me.
That's the declaration of war.
You mean that sound like Roy Coleman?
No sir, what sounds like me when I'm mad?
It is they let communist in here and they don't let us in.
Yes sir.
Morning, Father.
And the sea sounds like you.
I have been cleared for classified information.
That sounds like me and that was the word.
Where have you been cleared for classified information school?
Not only that sir, I had a specific secret clearance
from the Defense Department.
I have access to FBI files when they were when I was long.
What's the agreement?
Did you say that?
Tenable row is a little bit mistaken in terminology sir.
And I would like to ask,
what's the most determined knowledge you have about the FBI?
I don't recall the exact statement.
I can't tell you this with the tankings.
I did not say that I currently have access to FBI files
or that I can see them whenever I want them.
Neither does the information,
I'm not going to get it word.
What does it say?
I have access to FBI files from a Washington DCS.
I did not say I have access to FBI files when I want them.
Then I see what you did say.
And this is important for me and I hope I may be permitted.
On this one, you are going to explain.
Any time I ask this, you are open.
So, I don't mean you.
You do not tell me.
I'll be there.
He's coming down.
I want you to say that.
No right or reason to call you down.
Sir, I'm going to answer every question.
On this particular point,
it is important.
I did not say and I could not have said that I have access to FBI files.
Because, sir, since I have come with this committee,
I have not had access to FBI files
and I have never seen an FBI file.
And I would like to make that very clear under hope
to end any statement by anybody.
But I, while with this committee, have seen access
to FBI files or a patent, that is not true.
Before I came with the trust committee, sir,
I was with the Department of Justice
for a number of years dealing with the prosecution
of Communists and the persons file.
I did have access to FBI files.
I did use FBI files extensively.
For not for FBI files, we could not have obtained a single conviction.
What if I refer to the FBI to FBI files on medications?
I would have said I have had access to FBI files
or I have access to FBI files and,
journaled below by being wrong about two letters.
In one word, seven months later,
my creation unfortunate impression.
It was like, let's get you all to that.
Is the agent in the same state?
Is it doing the same to your agent to be listed?
You could use a place list.
And, sir, I have had access.
Can't be I had access?
I say it is possible, but I said I had access to FBI files.
I say it is impossible, that I said I had access to FBI files
because that would not have been a true statement.
I'll read you further.
Who do you?
You're doing this just the best me.
We will investigate.
We'll make out of you.
Did you say that?
I don't recall.
You don't deny it.
I can come close to denying.
That's the right thing I said because I thought the Bob Jones
are grateful to a witness throughout.
And, they say I did not say those things.
I'll be glad to tell you what they recall.
They say sir and it's my recollection
so that they were with me throughout.
I was not the only one excluded.
They were excluded along with me.
And we did say we were angry too.
But now, you're the only one excluded.
I did say you know nothing you did today.
I not only know nothing, I'm sure there is nothing
and I'm sure he was doing so.
That is the war and a lot of battle scars on him.
It's my arm highly and I'm sure he was doing his very best
to get this recollection of the fact words
that were uttered seven months ago.
I believe some of them are probably right.
I believe some of them are probably a little bit wrong.
I have no problem with the fact that the substance
of what happened for the fact that I was angry
or the fact that in spite of the point that they got us up there
and wasted a day for us,
they wouldn't let us in the place
which we were supposed to see.
And that's, I am doubly sad that they let Communists in
and they let Communists in, they kept us out
and I can tell you why I know I said that.
From Mr. Coon, in short, I'm in tune.
So, Medicaid, in the presence of high ranking officers
of the Army including the highest ranking ones,
the Chief, the Secretary.
I mean the presence of high ranking civilians.
You described war on the Army, didn't you?
No, you did not.
No, I did not.
What did he say to you?
He says it is war as it is.
I don't understand that.
You don't remember saying that.
And if these high-sized men who need to survive,
including here the Secretary of the Army,
the government's civilians,
and which they have heard of,
and which just in their office,
we shall as I say,
is that Royal Enthoes says that this is his war.
We will investigate the heck out of the Army
and Mr. D.C. Army can now not be denied.
Yes, sir.
You see, the Secretary says,
as I heard his testimony,
did not say that I said any of those things.
Very other ways to say that I said different things.
You said different words, different terminology,
different phrase, different thoughts, different ideas.
I saw it through Mr. Rainbow and Mr. Jones.
See if they can remember exactly what was said.
They can, remember exactly what was said.
What an appeared we can all agree on is that I was angry
as they were because we have been invited up there
to do some work that might be useful to us.
The doors were in our face for what seems to be no good reason.
And we had waited a day,
and that I am sad as when the door was in our face,
said I was angry and they'd taken to the effect
that they let the communists in and they keep us out.
And I don't know, I did make that particular statement
because I remember repeating it in a very humorous vein
at the lunch in which followed later on.
Mr. Polarius needs to prove that federal medications
are in this position.
You demand this somebody give an automobile
and take you away from there and take you to New York?
No, sir. I may know the management for an automobile.
But if you made a real point, I should get...
No, what I said was this, sir.
I said what's the point about hanging around here,
which is wasting our time.
They fight us up here and tell us to come up
and then they shut the door and we're standing out in the grass.
I might as well be back and watching you and come work on your.
Did you interpret it as a request for an automobile
to make possible a thought which I'd express?
Mr. Polarius, did you ever,
whatever you said, I'll say to you that.
Did the secretary of the Army missadden anybody of you
ever did he tell you?
That they are at a later date.
I apologize to the secretary of the Army for what she said.
I never said anything in a fit of anger
to secretary Stephen on that
or on any other occasion, sir.
If I had, I'm sure the Polarius and the apology were cold
or I would have spent it one.
I never said anything irrigatory concerning any of these other people
mentioned on that day.
It was a very simple incident which was one of a few incidents
I would be glad to tell you about what you showed on that day,
which added up to the fact to hold trip with a little bit ridiculous
and we were wasting a lot of time and we were angry
and we were just like to get back someplace and do some work.
Whatever was said, and I don't know what the committee is going to find out
what was said on that occasion.
You think you were angry?
Yes, sir.
And do I understand you?
You think you don't remember all you say?
I don't.
There are others right there that are angry.
I said, you don't have the moment to idea for everything you think.
Not for whatever it might have been, Mr. Colman.
This huge that time I remember it's just a good time ever.
Offer any apology to the high ranking man,
and the highest ranking man in the United States are me.
So Mr. D.
You are not, sir.
No, and if I might explain that answer,
will you be?
I don't say, Mr. Colman,
I just get an explanation.
You did that.
Thanks, sir.
I don't think there was any experience, but I had said nothing.
I had not displayed my anger so that,
speaking front of Mr. Stevens in any way,
I had said nothing to him on that occasion or on any other occasion,
which was called me to apologize to him, sir.
I re-got it, Mr. Stevens, as they find gentlemanly,
pretty as persons.
I feel so regardless of schools.
I re-got in a time,
gentlemanly, pretty as persons, persons, persons,
these things are regardless.
If we go back to the day prior to these hearings, sir,
I certainly feel just different from the mother.
I would say that I re-gotten as the Stevens,
as they gentlemen,
gentlemanly persons,
and as a pretty as person.
Yes, sir.
I never, in my contact,
so discussions with him,
he always treated me very politely, very kindly,
and I can say nothing more than that.
There was no heated discussions or any other kind of uncoorded incident.
On any occasion when I was together with Mr. Stevens.
Did you ever tell the secretary that you didn't mean what she said
that you were in the city of Anger?
Here's what, well, I don't know how he said it.
He said it and only, well, he did you not.
Let me tell you what happened, Mr. Stevens.
Well, I know how I was.
How long did I get to do here?
I was telling him this, I was sick, I was mad, I was angry, I was insane, sir.
I let all of those persons to believe a little while later
that the incident was completely forgotten about by trying to make what might have been a court joke about it.
And if I might tell you that,
what if you're trying to explain it?
Well, the first thing I might say,
is that the evidence which plain is fully.
That happened when we got out there on this trip,
which we hoped to get a little work done.
But we get up to one building.
And this was not the second building, this was the first one.
And there was a great deal made about a big secrecy thing.
We were saying something that nobody ever looked at before.
A history of mankind and all that.
And one of the officers, I don't remember what, came up to me and whispered to me.
They're really, this is really a big deal.
They're really showing you something here.
Russian military mission, which came to me,
and they showed them exactly the same thing.
I passed that along to Senator McCartney.
And Senator McCartney airs out loud in front of everybody.
Well, this is very, very interesting, but that's how secret it is.
Isn't it a fact that a Russian military mission was shown the same stuff?
And there was a little discussion back in front between some of the Army people there.
And I believe it finally developed that couple of years before.
Sometimes, prior to that, a Russian, a Soviet military mission
had been created by the state department and sent up the fort barnmouth for a visit
and had been taken through that area and shown these things.
We next went on to the second building where Mr. Rainbow, Mr. Jones and I,
were told we could not come in because I was sold.
I couldn't come in because I didn't have clearance.
I said, I did have clearance.
Well, I said, you can't come in anyway because we don't know that you have clearance.
I couldn't do much more than tell them that I had clearance.
Mr. Jenkins said, kept us out and the three of us were,
we thought it was a pretty ridiculous thing to get us all the way up there
if they weren't going to let us in. They could have made up their minds about that before they pulled us up there.
We then went into lunch, Mr. Jenkins.
And during the lunch, I was sitting down at one,
so at one end of the table, Mr. Stevens,
the head of the table, Senator McCartney.
A discussion came up about Aaron Coleman and Mr. Stevens,
Senator McCartney, and Senator Smith of New Jersey and a couple of others
were discussing the Coleman case.
When all of a sudden a Colonel, or Lieutenant Colonel,
I don't remember which, I think it was the full Colonel, chicken Colonel.
From down at the end of the table, jump up and held up his hand
and ordered Mr. Stevens to be quiet.
That surprised everybody.
Everybody looked up at this Colonel who had just told the Secretary of the Army to keep quiet.
And Mr. Stevens looked up at the Colonel.
The Colonel said, Mr. Stevens, you're a secretary.
You're discussing a case which is confidential
and you have no authority to discuss that case.
Mr. Adamson looked at a little black book which he had in his pocket
and took the name of the Colonel and made some comments that the Colonel
would not be in that vicinity for a very long period of time.
I understand that he has nothing.
The whole thing, sir, was filled, that whole day was filled with a bunch of ridiculous incidents.
At the end of it, at the end of it, Mr. Stevens got up
and ordered a little talk, a very fine talk, a very gracious talk, in which he covered
a number of events about the investigation and the situation of Mondays and Marow.
And said that he certainly hopes that Roy Cohn and Harold Rainbow and Bob Jones
would have, however else, might have been the object of this exclusion,
would understand that the decision was made as if he could make it,
thought it was all for him, and it was very, very fine, very, very sweet.
Then we went around the table and everybody at the table got up and said something.
When it came around to me, I got up and said,
I recall, I expressed my appreciation to everyone present for their courtesy
and everything else, and I tried to make some generally pleasant remarks.
And said as far as the incident to which Mr. Stevens referred,
that was all forgotten about on our part, that the only hope that Mr. Rainbow and Mr. Jones
and I had was that by the time the investigation was over, people who worked for the U.S. Senate
would be able to get in the laboratory, and that the communists would not be able to get in the laboratory.
And that concluded that I came across a little newspaper account which reported that incident in 2008.
Someone humorously threw a three-day lighter, and that's the way I recall the thing that was going to happen.
The board of directors and shareholders, thanks for the announcement.
The senior-ranking Democratic members under McCullough and necessarily absent this morning,
and this afternoon, as well now, we said the purposes of specialization
meet the mandate to a clock saps now.
You have Dr. Chairman not announced, that the next session of the hearings will be at 2 p.m. this afternoon.